OSDOCS#6669: Add OLM 1.0 arch/components (#65963)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olmv1-about-target-versions.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/olm_v1/olmv1-installing-an-operator-from-a-catalog.adoc
// * operators/olm_v1/arch/olmv1-operator-controller.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT

[id="olmv1-about-operator-updates_{context}"]
= About target versions in {olmv1}

> In Operator Lifecycle Manager 1.0, cluster administrators set the target version of an Operator declaratively in the Operator's custom resource (CR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {olmv1-first}, cluster administrators set the target version of an Operator declaratively in the Operator's custom resource (CR).
```
